docs(authentication/enterprise-connections/overview): add native applications section under SAML (#1877)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/enterprise-connections/overview.mdx

> [!NOTE]
> To enable the **Allow subdomains** option, your SAML connection domain must be an [eTLD+1](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/eTLD).

### Native applications

> Clerk ensures that security critical nonces are passed only to allowlisted URLs when the SAML flow is completed in native browsers or webviews. For maximum security in your **production** instances, you need to allowlist your custom redirect URLs via the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/) or the [Clerk Backend API](/docs/references/backend/redirect-urls/create-redirect-url).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk ensures that security critical nonces are passed only to allowlisted URLs when the SSO flow is completed in native browsers or webviews. For maximum security in your **production** instances, you need to allowlist your custom redirect URLs via the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/) or the [Clerk Backend API](/docs/references/backend/redirect-urls/create-redirect-url).
```

To allowlist a redirect URL via the Clerk Dashboard:

1. In the Clerk Dashboard, navigate to the [**SSO connections**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/sso-connections) page.

> 1. Scroll to the **Allowlist for mobile OAuth/SAML redirect** section and add your redirect URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Scroll to the **Allowlist for mobile SSO redirect** section and add your redirect URLs.
```

> 1. Scroll to the **Allowlist for mobile OAuth/SAML redirect** section and add your redirect URLs.

Reviewer 2: @NicolasLopes7 Is "Allowlist for mobile OAuth**/SAML redirect**" the new title of that section?

```suggestion
1. Scroll down to the **Allowlist for mobile OAuth redirect** section.
1. Under **Redirect URLs**, paste your the URL and select **Add**.
```

Author: Hi, it was but we've just changed to `SSO` https://github.com/clerk/dashboard/pull/4384/commits/4c32227264242d6f915bae3a5aac98d55a930f5d

Reviewer 2: Thanks! I updated the suggestion.

> [!NOTE]
> To enable the **Allow subdomains** option, your SAML connection domain must be an [eTLD+1](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/eTLD).

### Native applications

> Clerk ensures that security critical nonces are passed only to allowlisted URLs when the SSO flow is completed in native browsers or webviews. For maximum security in your **production** instances, you need to allowlist your custom redirect URLs via the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/) or the [Clerk Backend API](/docs/references/backend/redirect-urls/create-redirect-url).

Reviewer 3: ❓ Do we have a more specific dashboard URL to link here?

Reviewer 3: Oh I see it's included in the steps below, that works too!
